Information on Data Processing and Declaration of Consent

Introduction

OS OWD values your privacy and processes your personal data in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Your Personal Data is any information related to you. Processing is any operation performed on the data.

According to the Transparency Principle, this document will provide you with information about the processing of your personal data as required by Art. 12, 13, and 14 of the GDPR.

Who are we and how can you contact us?

Name: OS OWD

Address: Postojeca ulica 42

E-mail:  postojeca.adresa@owdskola.hr

acting as the data controller within the meaning of the GDPR.

You can also contact our Data Protection Officer  at '|trans }}

For what purpose do we process your data?

Your data will be processed within the OS OWD project (hereinafter: the project).

Project description:

Upis u izvannastavnu aktivnost.

To learn more about the  OS OWD project, please see

Please be informed that your data may also be used in different research projects in the domain of  School and Education in accordance with the GDPR.

What information about you do we collect and process?

The following types of information about you are collected and processed within the project:

Name, surname

Age / date of birth

Gender

Educational background / title

The data are collected directly from you through

Online survey

.

Legal basis for the processing of your data

Your data is processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6.1(a) of the GDPR) which you give by accepting this notice.

Exceptionally, where consent is not an appropriate legal basis, your personal data can also be processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in carrying out the project, or further research in the field of School and Education. Then, the processing is based on Art. 6.1(f) of the GDPR.

For how long do we keep your data?

Your data will be stored

for a period of 12 months after collection.

Will your data be shared with anyone?

Your personal data will not be shared with or disclosed to anyone

outside the OS OWD.

Will your data be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA)?

Your data will not be transferred outside the European Economic Area.

No profiling or automated decision-making

Your data will not be used for profiling or automated decision-making purposes.

Your rights with regards to the processing of your data

The GDPR grants you certain rights with regards to the processing of your personal data. These rights include:

Access (Art. 15 of the GDPR): you have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether We have your personal data, as well as information about how We process it. You can also request a copy of your personal data, for which We may charge you a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. In order to exercise your right of access, contact us at postojeca.adresa@owdskola.hr;

Rectification (Art. 16 of the GDPR): if your personal data that We process are incomplete or inaccurate, you have the right to request rectification of such data without undue delay. In order to exercise your right to rectification, contact us at postojeca.adresa@owdskola.hr;

Erasure ("right to be forgotten" – Art. 17 of the GDPR): in certain circumstances (e.g. if your data are processed unlawfully or unnecessarily) you may request erasure of your personal data.

Restriction of processing (Art. 18 of the GDPR): in certain circumstances (e.g. if you contest accuracy of your data that we process or lawfulness of the processing) you may request restriction of processing of your data. Such data will not be erased, but in principle can only be processed with your consent;

Data portability (Art. 20 of the GDPR): in certain circumstances, you may request transmission of your data to another controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format;

Right to object (Art. 21 of the GDPR): if you did not consent to the processing, or if it is not necessary to comply with a legal obligation, you may always object to it, in which case We shall no longer process your data.

Moreover, you have the right to:

withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time (Art. 7(3) of the GDPR) by contacting us at postojeca.adresa@owdskola.hr. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal; lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.